Matthew Lazcano
mlazcano@terpmail.umd.edu
Section 301

Week of september 8th
- This week for our Week 1 excercises, which are in Python, I used ChatGPT to help me with Python concepts since I have never formally learned Python in the past. 
  So for each question, I would attempt to do it in python and then double check my work with GPT if I encountered an error. We then went over the concept I was having trouble with, like how to use it,
  where it can be helpful, and practice problems. In the past I have learned C++ and Java, so for certain questions that I knew how to do in java or C++, I would ask GPT how I can do the same in python
  or if I even can. GPT became a mentor and a code translater for me, in order to help me learn python.

Week of September 15th
- I didnt use AI any differently this week. Same thing as last week.

Week of Sep 22nd
- This week, I used AI to summarize some academic papers I needed to read for a class. I was short on time and needed to read 4 papers that my professor assigned before class started later that
evening. With the help of AI, I knew what the papers were about and was able to participate in class. I've used AI for this a lot, especially for academic papers, since they are very long and wordy.
Another way I used AI was to brainstorm project ideas for another class. My group and I were stuck on trying to figure out what to do for our semester project, but after asking AI for some ideas that
related to our topic, we quickly were able to decide on an idea.

Week of Sep 29th
- This week I used AI to help me find academic papers and articles for one of my group projects. Since I pay for the upgraded version of chatgpt I am able to use it to search the web and research. It
helps a lot, instead of rummaging through millions of papers that arent specifically usefull to me, chatgpt helps me get a specific number of articles that could potentially help. It saved me lots of
time.

Week of Oct 6th
- THis week one of the main things i used AI with was to help me study for my Psychology midterm. I took my written notes along with some of the slides to create practice exams in order to get better
prep for the exam. Studying the notes and memorizing things only gets you so far, gaining actual test experience with the material is extremely useful. With AI, i was able to get that experience, which
definetly helped me a lot because come exam day I felt that I did very well.

Week of Oct 20th
- This week Chatgpt came out with a web browser called ChatGPT Atlas. I went ahead and downloaded it to my computer to give it a shot and see how it works. I really really liked it. At first it took some
time to get used to but after using it for more than a day I was good. The browser contains features like "Ask ChatGPT" which allows you to start a conversation with Chat on the tab that you have open. You
can ask it anything based on the page you have open and it will be able to respond. By far the coolest feature about the web browser is the new "Agent Mode", you can give ChatGPT a certain task like write
a paper for me based on the sources on the page and ChatGPT will take full control of your computer, think through your request, and write it for you in google docs in real time. Its so cool how far we have
come. I cant wait to use this web browser more. It's not all perfect though. There are many things I personally dont like but then again the browser just got released so I'm giving them some leeway.

Week of Oct 27th
- I didnt use AI any differently this week.

Week of Nov 3rd
- Ive been continuing to use ChatGPT as a web browser and i've started to become very used to it. Its extremely useful in many aspects. Whenever I have to read a very long academic paper for a class I go to
side and ask it to summarize everything. It's like having a little helper always with me.

Week of Nov 10th
- Some of the things weve been learning in class have been pretty hard to wrap my head around so Ive been using ai to help me better understand those concepts. Which has helped a lot.
